Prepare for upstream: UC1-1 & UC1-2 (#1)
crosscon/uc1-2-integration: README.md

and binaries should be deployed on two or a single target. For `TWO_RPI` and
`RPI_CBA` demos, this setting shall be set to `false`. For development purposes
(to run server and client on a single machine), or for running a client on
LPC55S69 the setting shall be set to `true`.
* `PI_SERVER_HOST` [ip addr] - An ip address of server target. In a
  `SINGLE_TARGET` mode, all certificates and binaries are deployed to server.
* `PI_CLIENT_HOST` [ip addr] - An ip address of client target. Unused in
  `SINGLE_TARGET` mode.
* `CROSSCON_REPO_PATH` [path] - A path to local
  [crosscon-demos](https://github.com/crosscon/crosscon-demos-uc12)
  repository. It is a built system for RPI that will be used in the process.

How and when to fill up these setting is explained later in this readme.

## Building

For RPIs, a custom, `buildroot` based Linux OS is being built as a part of the
[Crosscon demos](https://github.com/crosscon/crosscon-demos-uc12).
The resulting linux image is then run under the Crosscon hypervisor. This
section aims to explain how to use said build system to build this solution.

### Prerequisites

First

> [build and run default Crosscon demos configuration for RPI](https://github.com/crosscon/crosscon-demos-uc12blob/master/rpi4-ws/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[build and run default Crosscon demos configuration for RPI](https://github.com/crosscon/crosscon-demos-uc12/blob/master/rpi4-ws/README.md).
```

Author: [Fixed](https://github.com/crosscon/uc1-2-integration/compare/599b6633f061b61c9d2ed18d99cc009c8b712e2b..5482229640e18ae30398d9c1c1332d799273dc74)

#### Sync buildroot

Update `CROSSCON_REPO_PATH` in `scripts/settings.sh` with the path to the local

> `crosscon-demos-uc12` repository.

Reviewer: `crosscon-demos-uc12` was never mentioned before, what is that? Different repository from `CROSSCON-Hypervisor-and-TEE-Isolation-Demos`? Maybe the same repository but specific branch?

Reviewer: nvm, it's in prerequisites, haven't checked repo name

To build the "OS" with the applications embedded in the system, run the bellow
commands depending which demo you're running.

_Note: The commands from this section shall be run inside
[crosscon-demos](#prerequisites) repository._

**For `TWO_RPI` and `NXP_PUF`**:

```bash
# Run the following inside the container
rpi4-ws/build.sh --all --local-confs
```

**FOR `RPI_CBA`:**

For `RPI_CBA` demo, the source code of TA must be modified. The following
settings need to be changed:
* IP address of the AI server. Most likely this is IP address of your
development machine, as for the demo we'll be running the AI server from there.
* Wi-Fi channels.

> You need to update IP address and wifi settings for `cba_ta`, as described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to update IP address and Wi-Fi settings for `cba_ta`, as described in
```

Author: [Fixed](https://github.com/crosscon/uc1-2-integration/compare/599b6633f061b61c9d2ed18d99cc009c8b712e2b..5482229640e18ae30398d9c1c1332d799273dc74)

To run `RPI_CBA` demo it is necessary to set up an AI server on development

> machine. To do so, you need to update IP address and wifi settings for `cba_ta`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
machine. To do so, you need to update IP address and Wi-Fi settings for `cba_ta`,
```
